the glorious motion picture now comes
back to the audience's that have paid
their tribute in almost unceasing
applause Warner Brothers takes pride in
announcing special selected engagements
of my fair lady
[Music]
what about your boast that you could
pass it off as a duchess at the embassy
ball hey I'll say you're the greatest
teacher alive I'll bet you did
real good in Spain stays mainly in the
plain
[Music]
okay
hey Georgia's got it by George's got it
now once again where does it read
[Music]
and where's that
[Applause]
[Music]
stop and stare they don't bother me for
there's nowhere else on a flap I would
bother be led to the time
[Music]
20 here on the street